and snacks will finish it pretty cool
and we can hear any stories about snare
seven-week oh yeah man nobody wants to
play vs snacks he is terrifying right
now you ask any team that you know it
was like walking a property talking i'll
be talking to anybody out there and
those like that first for good put
snacks as a goddamn monster we do not
want to play against them this is pretty
much it so i would not be surprised to
see me around already robber and some
great damage it's two fields that
actually stops this push gold taps and
it's going to be the hero and he
actually managed to pick up that kill
although it took him quite a while to do
it pinned down
pardon to lumpy to both of them are so
very long sizes
snacks hours right out onto the site
he's not wasting time Chris J is going
to be able to get here fast enough
snacks is holding down on this snacks
has got it incredible there is next this
time wielding me all that smoke doing
its girl for bending him for really
seeing anything but there's the hit or
two existence it's next game is up as he
has to get out of that Neil almost usual
eyeing the smoke got snacks will pick up
another one that's triple outside he's
shutting down the whole courtyard on his
own their pastures going to fall back
from that flash bang he goes down a
great pick up on penny but he's alone
you know what on three with exactly one
point of health and here comes the
grenade he's gonna get react snatch will
pick up the quad kill a sand that is in
an ish
89 knowledge was unheard of like the
average don t side you know absolutely i
know that's a big ship that we've had
with this new version but snacks decided
to stick with the shotgun and you have a
lot of money before i get to see the
bank as a big thing for you rely on him
to get another wife before a team a
teammate how should they give you know
when i saw someone exactly
you
house on a meeting that frankfurt
fixable it is
bro
Leo may be making a bit of a mistake
getting in there so quickly but then
that's VP like they really do not hold
back now remember and I said that the
big problem was gonna be when neo picked
up an AWP in this bomb site and this
happened now and I really think this is
gonna be a lot harder for our biology
work with they can at this point I mean
snacks this seems like he actually wants
to push forward a little bit really
trying to put some damage down at least
some pressure there's the forward smoke
he's going to run up behind it does this
set it up just snacks what the mind
games this is such a dangerous position
but now do this forces can do it allowed
it to the open this system godlike
position will play coming out from
Snipes this is the almost and we never
see this never miss is too I'm really
called the moment just enjoy this for a
moment how he did that he's got a boxed
in now there is no way out neo will get
caught by days but that should open it
map for revenge and for events right
from snacks azk is gonna run right past
next up snacks here they come he's not
even gonna sue there it is he gets the
guild and he gets two snacks completely
shutting at my power down the positional
play is voluntarily god it's a wonder
what now in that way versus snacks and
who better to have and get right to do
y'all the beauty is gonna let him get
right now what we win the round oh god
that was so close but a triple kill from
Quran is not enough even with the knife